## Ethical Benefits and Implications
<!--
If you are unable to discern specific themes related to future technology use from your synopsis, provide a manually edited version of your synopsis below. -->

1. What future technology is featured in your synopsis?

There don't seem to be any specific future technologies to be found in the synopsis but there are a variety of existing and modified
technologies mentioned. One technology that is mentioned is the idea of a `subreddit`, which is an online community usually based on a
centralized topic. The synopsis generated by our code mentions `subreddits` a couple of times and when mentioned, they seem to be in the
context of talking with police officers. With this, it seems that the future technology featured in our synopsis would be regarding a
tool/website with subreddits that promote communication between officers and civilians to stop crime.

2. What are the potential social implications and/or ethical issues and/or regulatory challenges with this technology?

Our synopsis generated text about a technology that related the usage of subreddits to the police. There are a number of social
implications that could come with this tool which would include a possible strengthening or weakening of relationships between the public
and police, less overall crime, and more. There are also some ethical issues that come with this, such as civilians reporting information
to the police out of emotion or the police becoming too close to (certain) civilians which could result in a conflict of interest.
Regulatory challenges associated with this technology might come in the form of regulation to stop the police from sharing too much
information with the general public.

3. What do you think might be a cautionary tale related to this technology?

One cautionary tale related to this comes in the form of Melvin Colon in a [CNN article](https://www.cnn.com/2012/08/30/tech/social-media/fighting-crime-social-media/index.html). He was arrested after making
incriminating remarks online which he thought was private. Additionally, the article mentions that police often look at public information
and sometimes create fake online identities to befriend suspects and view their private information. If a `subreddit` was used for police
and civilian interaction, civilians will have to be wary what they post.

4. What fictional person in the future could best illustrate this caution?

One fictional person in the future that could best illustrate this caution would be a civilian we will call Jack. Jack was involved in
crime and after leaving this lifestyle, got himself into some unexpected trouble. We will discuss this fictional story more in the next
question.

5. What is their story?

Jack was involved in a gang that was smuggling illegal firearms. After he got mad at other gang members over what he felt was an unfair
share of the profits, he left the organization. A few years down the line and now living a life free of crime, Jack decides to go onto the
new police `subreddit` and report his former gang out of spite. This results in the police investigating Jacks claims and arresting the
gang. However, during the investigation the other gang members tell the police Jack was involved in the gang and evidence is found that
supports this theory. Now Jack is being investigated by the police as well and is subsequently arrested for his former role in the gang
despite living crime free for years.

A police-civilian subreddit could help to stop crime but may also have unintended consequences for those using it.

6. Now, consider what a `Light Mirror` scenario would be for this story. That is, what benefit can come out of the  technology featured in the story and how can we work towards preventing the negative consequences of the future they envision?

Benefits that could come out of this technology include a strengthened relationship between the police and the public in addition to
reducing crime. Some negative consequences of this technology could be the police sharing classified information with the public or
civilian privacy could be breached by the police. These negatives could be mitigated by placing regulations on what information the police
can share on the `subreddit` and by educating civilians about being mindful of the information they put online.
