## Based on your experiences with simple DNA manipulation in this lab and reflecting on the assigned article, answer the following questions:

1. Who makes the genome editing technology?

2. Who are the users of the genome editing technology?
    Right now, nobody should be actively using this technology. However, I believe it is already
      being used internationally.

3. Who is not supposed to use the genome editing technology?
    In the article, it is stated that "Bioethicists and researchers generally believe that human
      genome editing for reproductive purposes should not be attempted at this time, but that
      studies that would make gene therapy safe and effective should continue". So that would suggest that
      only scientists should be using this technology, and even though for research purposes.

4. How can the genome editing technology cause harm?
    When I think about genome editing technology, I think about the movie Gattaca. This kind of technology
      can be incredibly harmful when taken advantage of by wealthy individuals who want perfect offspring. Individuals who can
      afford this tech, might attempt to utilize it to enhance athletic ability or height, rather than it's main purpose
      for addressing health problems. While the movie is fictional and dystopian, it's still possible that this tech
      could begin to create a society split by the genetically perfect and the genetically imperfect.
      Additionally, should any ethical concerns be overlooked, those utilizing genome editing tech could bring great harm to others.

5. What solutions can be developed to avoid the harm caused by the genome editing technology or to fix the harm?
    I think there should be serious limits on who can access this kind of technology. Things such as the CRISPR Cas 9
      should not be made available to just anyone. I don't think there is much anyone could do to reverse harm already caused
      by genome editing technology, however measures can be taken to avoid more harm. Only using this technology for health purposes
      is another thing that should be considered.


