## Ethical Benefits and Implications

If you are unable to discern specific themes related to future technology use from your synopsis, provide a manually edited version of your synopsis below.

```
This is a message for Nathan.
Nathan Hale.
My son.
I haven't always been there for you.
There's so many things I need to say.
This might be the last time
that Mommy gets to talk to you.
I love you so much, buddy.
I have a gadget now that allows Mommy to talk to you in the future.
I'm sorry.
I am so sorry
if I ever made you feel
like you weren't
the most important thing.
I was trying to build a life for us.
I, uh...
And now, I realize
that none of it even matters.
The night that I left,
you wanted me to tuck you in.
To sing you a song, our song.
But I didn't have time, so...
So I'm gonna sing it to you now through the gadget. Okay?
```

Then, hypothesizing on the issues highlighted in your generated (or modified) text, answer the following questions.

- What future technology is featured in your synopsis?
  The future technology that is feature in our synopsis is a gadget that allows individuals to communicate with each other forever.

- What are the potential social implications and/or ethical issues and/or regulatory challenge
  with this technology?
  Some potential social implications that relates to our technology that is featured is that it might be shocking for others if someone is able to call you forever whenever they want to.

- What do you think might be a cautionary tale related to this technology?
  A cautionary tale that could be related to this technology is that Nathan is trying to figure out how this gadget works after realizing his mom utilized this gadget to communicate with him.

- What fictional person in the future could best illustrate this caution?
  The fictional person in the future that could best illustrate this caution is Nathan Hale which is a character in out synopsis.

- What is their story?
  Nathan Hale's story is that he is curious a bout a gadget his mom used to sing him a song even though his mom stated that she will never see him again. After this event Nathan is curious and desperate to find out how this gadget works and why it's able to portray communication forever.

- Now, consider what a "Light Mirror" scenario would be for this story. That is, what benefit can
  come out of the technology featured in the story and how can we work towards preventing the negative consequences of the future they envision?
  A "Light Mirror" scenario that would be for this story is that this gadget is accessible to everyone which would allow everyone to communicate with their family members regardless of the situation they are in. We could work towards preventing the negative consequences of the future they envision by creating a law where this gadget can be used if each side of the party that utilizes this technology agrees to using this gadget for communication purposes only.
