## Ethical Benefits and Implications

The main benefit of these technologies is that it can automatically generate potential messages that you would want to send based on your previous writing samples. This would reduce the time to communication, and would make life easier. While it would be very nice to be able to automatically generate text for any given occasion, that would not make the text generated genuine. Not only is it not ethical by any means, it could also be risky.  As no computer program is perfect, the same would hold true to a program like this. The generated text could be incorrect or just rude to the recipient. If this was the case then it would be better to use the AI as a guide of where to take the message. While convenient it would take away the human or polite aspect of communication. And if both sides are responding with an AI then nothing would come of the conversations at all. There are also concerns about how identity fraud could be committed. Imagine if someone sampled your writings and created fake messages and sent them to your boss, family, and professors. That could cause havoc. Therefore NLP technologies use should be used cautiously by ethical professionals.

```
(Optional) Modified Synopsis
```

If you are unable to discern specific themes related to future technology use from your synopsis, provide a manually edited version of your synopsis below.

Since we have configured our text generator to resemble concise subtitle fragments, we did not produce a singular, cohesive synopsis paragraph. However, the below contains a collection of fragments pertinent to the plot of the anime:

```
Line 1169: I was so happy to save Mayuri without the IBN 5100.
Line 1187: The D-mail has survived with memories...
Line 1205: It's not that you succeeded!
Line 1283: I can't even see the experiment.
Line 1312: I was so happy to be our experiments.
Line 1321: That was a special cell phone, too.
Line 1339: I can't even see the lab and change the future.
Line 1350: Even if he looks here, I'll get me a time machine.
Line 1352: I have a use to see it a message.
Line 1359: Save Mayuri.
Line 1386: If you like failure... But...
```

Then, hypothesizing on the issues highlighted in your generated (or modified) text, answer the following questions.

1. What future technology is featured in your synopsis?
The future technology that is in this synopsis is the time machine in line 1350


2. What are the potential social implications and/or ethical issues and/or regulatory challenges with this technology?
The implications of this technology would be mostly negative as changing the past or going to the future creates a paradox of sorts.  For instance, someone goes back in time to save someone, and them being saved changes the future forever, preventing the person from going back to save them, and this loops on forever.

3. What do you think might be a cautionary tale related to this technology?
There is no way to know the consequences of meddling with time.

4. What fictional person in the future could best illustrate this caution?
A scientist who makes a time machine to go back in time to save a loved one.  No matter the consequences.

5. What is their story?
The scientist who back in time unintentionally is the reason why that person dies.

6. Now, consider what a ``Light Mirror`` scenario would be for this story. That is, what benefit can come out of the technology featured in the story and how can we work towards preventing the negative consequences of the future they envision?
This technology can still be useful for many purposes.  For instance, this technology would allow for completely accurate records of history, or perhaps a look into some future technologies if the time machine can go that way.  With this technology there must be an extreme amount of planning before it is used in anyway shape or form, due to the large amount of damage it could cause.  Many government policies and fail safes would have to be implemented in order for this technology to be considered safe.
