## Ethical Benefits and Implications

The future technology this could be used for is allowing writers to create their own spinoffs of shows with the same themes. For example if creators are seeing the sci fi movies are a big hit then they can take the scripts of the most popular shows an try to allow a computer to create the next hit show. Another thing this technology could be use for is to directors to create adaptations of the film while not changing the script they could post it online to show how the script could vary if x did y or so on and so forth.

Then, hypothesizing on the issues highlighted in your generated (or modified) text, answer the following questions.

1. What future technology is featured in your synopsis?
The future technology featured is the ability to use scripts and create show spinoffs that are just as popular, and also the other benefit is that it will allow fanatics of the shows to have an alternate ending without costing the film maker extra money with paying the camera crews and everything else.

2. What are the potential social implications and/or ethical issues and/or regulatory challenges with this technology?

A potential implication is that directors could use this to make extra money off other shows such as spinoffs or alternate endings without having to pay the extra workers since it will all be computer automated. It will create a big fight between the workers and directors sine they will make money off of more shows, but the people who put effort in will not get paid.

3. What do you think might be a cautionary tale related to this technology?

I think a cautionary tale could be that everyone should be able to make money off of all the extra stuff that is produced because they were all in the process of making the film and thats why it got so popular and was allowed to make spinoffs and alternate endings.

4. What fictional person in the future could best illustrate this caution?

A fictional person in the future could be a director or a person who is in charge of paying people to be in the films. Or the other person could be creating a position that makes sure everyone gets money evenly and no one is scamming other people. This person could make sure everything is sorted out evenly before hands a create a contract people can sign and agree to beforehand.

5. What is their story?

Their story is that they strive on making sure everything is equal because they genuinely care about making sure people are happy and accompanied for for the work they do. They love making sure people are happy and feeling the best they can.

6. Now, consider what a ```Light Mirror``` scenario would be for this story. That is, what benefit can come out of the  technology featured in the story and how can we work towards preventing the negative consequences of the future they envision?

A benefit that could come out of this technology is the ability for fans of a certain show to be able to go more in depth with the show and allow for alternate endings to be shown without having to go into production cost of creating a script. Meanwhile a negative consequence is that people will have to be provided for because they were apart of the show and thats why spinoffs or alternate endings that made it so great.
