## Based on your experiences with simple DNA manipulation in this lab and reflecting on the assigned article, answer the following questions:

1. Who makes the genome editing technology?
CRISPR technically has the most advanced and currently existing genome editing technology, however the science and debate have been around for a long time and have involved numerous other companies and ethicists. In a more general sense, the older generations or "we" make the genome editing technology, as living humans, and hypothetically use it on embryos and undeveloped lives to see how genome modification works. The technology itself is made by CRISPR and other biotechnology companies, and is ready to be used, and has been used, to edit genomes of multiple species and kinds.

2. Who are the users of the genome editing technology?
The users of the technology itself, besides the scientists who would conduct the actual editing and genome procedures, are the family members and parents of those who would be edited. This leads to a GIANT grey area regarding informed consent and whether it is actually plausible to achieve, as the people who the genome editing technology is BEING USED ON or AFFECTING are the children who are not born or capable of autonomy yet, and therefore the decision is left with the parents, and they become the "users" by deciding to engage in the practice. As of current day, the only users of the technology are scientists on animals and non-viable embryos (children who will not be brought to full term or are incapable of birth), and it is limited to that thus far. "We" are the "users" f the technology, but those who have had the technology used on them, or are "influenced" by the technology, are in fact our children and future generations. They are the ones who could technically utilize or "use" the genome editing technology in its application.

3. Who is not supposed to use the genome editing technology?
The genome editing technology is not supposed to be used by those wanting to improve or enhance their own offspring, or in any way give them an advantage either physically or mentally, and is not to be used for anything other than medical necessity to prevent otherwise debilitating disease. The primary concern surrounding genome editing therapy at this time is the potential for it to be used in the wrong ways by the wrong people. A major concern is that it will widen the wealth gap and further divide the social classes by those who are able to afford gene editing and those who are not, and later on between those who are genetically superior to others DUE to their enhancements. Another concern about the gene editing being used in a negative way is to cherry pick certain qualities and attributes to improve or remove and in some way "better" the candidate. Finally, the technology should not be used by any government or individual for any purposes other than IRB approved research on non autonomous non-viable embryos.

4. How can the genome editing technology cause harm?
It can widen the gap between the wealthy and those who are more middle or low income by deciding who has access to this particular aspect of superiority. By creating our own step into evolution and trying to force the improvement of certain genes and traits for the sake of improving health, we create a level of evolution that is held in superiority, but is not accessible to all. Similarly, the thought of those who are edited being seen as superior or in some way trying to enforce this over masses who are not able to afford or access genome editing is a significant risk. The threat this poses to creating a dystopian society both domestically and internationally is on the forefront of these concerns and arguments.

5. What solutions can be developed to avoid the harm caused by the genome editing technology or to fix the harm?
Rules and regulations can be put in place to prevent unnecessary or wanton uses genome editing among the greedy or rich or downright criminally neglectful. Similarly, a "need based" approach achieves the ultimate goal of gene editing, which is to prevent unnecessary disease and genetic mutation from affecting the next generation when preventable, while still keeping the technology out of the hands of the Trump's and Putin's in the world, who would likely use this technology yo further their own means and desires. Overall, a very strict and militant approach to access and administration of genome editing is the only way to hope to prevent reckless use of such a powerful new science.


