## Text Generation

Describe the techniques used for an automated generation of your script synopsis. Cite (provide a link to) any sources you have used. Include your generated text (or its snippet) below.

For automated text generation I used [gpt-2-simple](https://github.com/minimaxir/gpt-2-simple)
in a Google colab notebook. I chose the basic
provided training model, and trained the model for 43 rounds, getting about 0.5 loss averages.
I then generated the text seen below.

```
Be careful out there...

Be careful out there... - Akojo...

Akojo... akojo, mei no karasu. I see. I see. What? No problem. I'll put them on the line. - All right. And how long until they're gone? 10 days. - X amount. - Okay. Lets set up a patrol here... before somebody gets hurt. BALTAR: County, county. Its the Federalist, the old colonialist. Its the same as the red light district. It says its the same as nigger, but with a different spelling. GAETA: Boomer. Boomer is the new form of the old monikers. Its a civilian-led protest, but actually a federal protest. Thats just great, isodating a government. Really? [Chuckling] We had a civilian-led civilian protest... a federal one. It was called the Boomer, but theyre the Cylons. Theyre the Cylons, aren't they? Theyre the Cylons, belong to the next generation. BILLY: I want us to have a child, BILLY. That, and a child, and a mighty, mighty great, mighty great, mighty great... and theyll make us. BILLY: You know what? I want us to have a child, too. BILLY: I want us to have a child, too. See, the Cylons look like us. Theyre the Cylons, aren't they? Theyre the Cylons, belong to the next generation. BILLY: You dont know how relieved you are to see us, do you? A little sad, dont you? Im sure some day if youre a good Cylon hell reward you... with a lovely little walking toaster of your very own. BILLY: You cant be serious. - Its Dr. Amarak. - What was that? Im so sorry for interrupting you while you were speaking. You were just saying? I was just saying that a Dr. Amarak... - has requested to speak with the President... regarding a mysterious anomaly... that has afflicted all of us. - Id bephalting you... for one minute at a time. - Is that your Dr. Amarak? You were saying something about something? I was just saying that... a few minutes ago... the President requested to speak with the President regarding a strange anomaly...... regarding which he has requested that we... ask him a few simple personal... and professional... questions. A few days ago, the Cylons... escaped from their servitor ship and began to attack the fleet... taking advantage of the current time break... to continue their attack on the President. Is that what you were saying? The truth is, the Cylons still lurk around the bowels of our FTL port, holding a grudge that we must cut off their heads if they want to survive. - And why are they holding a grudge? - Because theyre Cylons. Theyve been tracking down Cylons all along. A Cylon maybe tracking them, but theyre not showing up. So theres not a whyset wayward BLL... to jump. - Dr. Amarak. - Yes. It is. BILLY: The Cylons still lurk around the bowels of our FTL port. BILLY: Theres a Cylon fleet waiting to jump. Theyve got ships that destroyairlyreaching our fleet. Theyve got bombers that killfast... butarent showing up. Are you there? Yeah, Im here. How about we jump? Callyx: Lets get some of the old men and women in the party... into a coma. Callyx: Ms. Gaeta. Gaius. Gaeta: Well go. Someone hasto jump. Someone hasto jump. Gaeta: We havena jump. GAETA: Boomer. GAETA: Sir. GAETA: ...are recognizing the fourth command. There are 446 ships remaining in our bow... from across the universe. We have no idea when they left or where they are headed. What are we doing here, Gaius? Go back to Raven Rock. Its all wrong. There are 446 people aboard this ship. Why are we showing up? We had a medical error and our FTL drive is down. There may have been other causes... such as the extinction of large swaths of the old world, we do not know the answer to. help us God. Or do you? God is a complex system. Coincidental, serendipitous events... are bound to occur. Happens all the time. Amen. FRASER: [Over PA] Landing base Team Alpha, check three. No. APOLLO: Twelve more contacts, all feeling the effects of the last ship... have passed
```

