## Text Generation

<!-- Describe the techniques used for an automated generation of your script synopsis. Cite (provide a link to) any sources you have used. Include your generated text (or its snippet) below. -->

When it is time to generate the text for our script we needed to use textgen. We have included a separate NCIS.txt file that includes all the information about that particular episode.
The program generator.py is responsible for training the words in the text file with textgen. During the implementation of this step we had trouble actually getting the generated output
after generator.py was finished running. The line of code that prints the output of the program to generate_text.txt is important because it now the trained data that we can use for our analysis.

```
Generated Text:
------------------------------------------
 the Both officers control the comparia on the share of the commander, the control officer toward. I thought my skin give me Wheraptabilies commanderland shoot it. It down that that she do the first time of shutted the commanders? I was doing the commander every time of the compart of the is gonna k do you know where that we was tower some she dond of her shooting there? here to complained that they want to say, I said my and maybe it. We get to do that that thinks the way me. I dont know it would he look? I know that the subricary areas should the shop? It was surgery to the commander one car to the same side got what a tard is the situation me she dont be she done her a she doesnender was their dragged so I survive without be all the can I dont be interrupt that she ready took that she was surea she dont be she done this subreddit. I was she dont talk to the satures to the same shutter officer share any shopping to it. No, Okay, I tho she dont should she shoulder than that she dont be scalped the commanders to a scream. I think that my side to the crash? I said that she says I thought he looking she dont a search? I dont do to get a compart officer and she do some she do not a house of the problems that she dort that that do it here. I know what the hell is that she deckans that up. Any other had the commanders to the next. I build a head. I made a scound the commander me. Everybody says that And she build the command to the commander. But I think a short old is that a couple. We will down, we had to shoot down. I thought the hell and a compash officer call she can Find out the subred commander. I dont though. I was probably commanders that? I was just too shooting this. I thought it was, she was this message that her last shes, I dont took too should the commander before the car she did this weeks? It doesnt out th it we had to okay, I dont took the subred and she dont travel through their she just she ready to she she shes down on the marked a room. I know. I okay and the sherd is the compart officer and she was the companta did that easy? I can read the helms out the school support, still that thought you k I saw a weird color=D#00 to the "I did the commander in Weeks" took he dont plan a compash thing. Wet done this that he made? I can get the Flood officer stranges to the course to learn the share and probably she say your commanders? I have a smash. I found that she do you know what I thund they kn commander shoots that shop say we she she she shoutded any season, so you know where that? I dont ship the commanders to the mail. Its a flannoud thunder in my second of the ship the commander. I dont shoot that is that the last night. So you know what it is about the command to know about the cute ready to a compash to she should he plan. Well, The car offing that everyone? I shoulder shes those officer and the good thing? I dont know what the compant. Weeks have the ones could not every time I dont she shoutdly so she dont try to those was out the ready officer officer suspiats talk to took here. I see your a source on a source officer she dont break the districal than the last door shows that commander. No she saw a tir that ship to the compart officer command that the subricary car, that we dont took for the oiland that saying a surprise of the problems that she driver incredical th what it is the deck is the compartmand to the doughs officer. I loved though. I thought it was the compant or someone should? I know. I needed that we say that she said that she do the commanders leave. What is the compart officer? Any subscrible steam. We made a problem in the commatic episode?" W car commanders are the compart officer color=triday. I did the streaks all she dont she she can be all the commander stream. Well, I said that scientistical comtutration was she shouldnd down. Thats she dont think the subtle is commanders where its through the same car to she shoulder that she do t the Commander share to talk to the compart on the shop. I dont show me. Commander shoots that she do Flowes the commanders to here to starboary to she she shoulden the car tell officer officer before the cat as a survive did like. I had just the same cause your sea in a server I see what are something tomarde. I dont know what it its a ship officer and she do that shop in those she not she even ha my car can bother. I thought it was in the subrest image. I made. I just come to her find me. I did the both off these she doesnt to the is a second-officer officer. Well, but Lieutenant Commander on because for not she and dont be we survive? I dont have a surverance off. I had the tower. I though I sandered the commanders where are she was on the commander. I talk to the way and gonna know where? I can do two she dont read herr. I saw her officer shop, I dont think that. I can say you got the aircraptance you shoulden the commant that owners on the comparting commander is the compart suicid one does it come? I need, I arrest to she do that she do you thought that she do you made your compant to the control today. Well, I thought I did improved not to stare that the other officer locks the commander your your senate better for what the tell you shoulder the season to make the compart o a ship old talk to the snow shooter to the commatic beach that was tell you to she saw ah me. We need the compart. Any self- Weeks dont us the car to she shouldnd her scalp and I dont be actually a mark to those password. I thought you this is her every time that she dont though it was too so we we the trainer took the commander closes that she says is transor that they she dont think about the commander idea the hell the to-mother that car is that? I was a lot officer commander. I dont "I should you know where" that she do this. What she do we know that the showing? We would have too drove? here that is commanders shoutd commanders and they shoulder your best she dont be shooting that I do the way. You know where are survive the backs the commander local command through the three weeks to she shouldnd he didnt help she that is she was under thank you can took. I got a commander on the she dont thank you to the down. It isnt surgery to the commander here. We were they saying you the compart of the. I thould her Commander Commander shouts she dreaks today. Compares through this. Commander took the commander. I thought a some steam. I was surgery to she shouldnd a commander that she's so I dont know wherh, I dont put she been into the safarity on through officer. It was told the commability officer at that a share its lock on Will the top commanders from she dont think that we took me. I dont bothe the shop. I dont have she you shout the course? I dont should we have too ready. I was out officer and maybe it was that she dont find the command decider that she do you know where? I dont want to do to s a she do that the compart officer can be she done that she during her shooting to her she do that. I dont town a secret for lock. I be she dont ibade its into the word. Well, I are, she doesneques the way. I think that the crashes that your compartmand shoot suicide shop. I dont do to that shop sho the guy took there. Got it. the commander shoots a season to make the commander to the commander shop and she do? I just have the commander at the commanders took she survive the commanderrolida doctors talk that that she do that she do shes on your sealer to get a sund to the compart officer to a

------------------------------------------
```

