## Based on your experiences with simple DNA manipulation in this lab and reflecting on the assigned article, answer the following questions:

1. Who makes the genome editing technology?
    Genome editing is not a completely new technology but recently it has regained
    attention due to the discovery that CRISPR has the potential to make such
    editing more accurate and even "easy" in comparison to older technologies.

2. Who are the users of the genome editing technology?
    Genome editing and who should be the users of it raises a lot ethical issues
    however it is generally agree that until gremline genome editing is deemed
    safe through research, it should not be used for clinical reproductive purposes.

3. Who is not supposed to use the genome editing technology?
    The issue that is most talked about is informed consent it is interesting to
    compare and look at the contrasts between genome editing and abortions. Some
    people worry that it is impossible to obtain informed consent because the
    "patients" affected by the edits are the embryo and future generations. However
    that parents already make many decisions that affect their future children.  

4. How can the genome editing technology cause harm?
    Not only is this new technology that needs a lot more research and funding but
    it is also necessary to look at the justice and equity of the access and use
    of the technology. There is concern that genome editing will only be accessible
    to the wealthy and will increase existing disparities in social and/or economic
    class which would effect access to health care and other forms of mobility.

5. What solutions can be developed to avoid the harm caused by the genome editing technology or to fix the harm?
    In general a safer way to experiment to find out more about genome editing
    gene editing should not be used for reproductive purposes. One thing many
    countries are doing is condition research only on embryos that are nonviable
    for birth.  

