## Ethical Benefits and Implications
If you are unable to discern specific themes related to future technology use from your synopsis, provide a manually edited version of your synopsis below.

```
(Optional) Modified Synopsis
```

Then, hypothesizing on the issues highlighted in your generated (or modified) text, answer the following questions.

1. What future technology is featured in your synopsis?
Full dive virtual reality.

2. What are the potential social implications and/or ethical issues and/or regulatory challenges with this technology?
What is too real? Full dive poses many ethical and regulatory issues as full dive means full control of your body. This means that while the benefits of extremely real simulations with smell, taste, touch, etc. it could also mean things like pain. There's also the possibility of simulating situations with other people that could lead to demeaning experiences against that person.

3. What do you think might be a cautionary tale related to this technology?
This idea has been explored in books, anime, and now a black mirror episode. All show how amazing the surface of this technology could be but how it ultimately poses a huge risk for peoples safety, both physically and mentally.

4. What fictional person in the future could best illustrate this caution?
This type of technology would put a lot of power into the hands of the developer, one that could lead to death if for instance the user cannot log out of the simulation be it though a bug or intentionally.

5. What is their story?
The classic story revolves around someone getting into a full dive virtual reality universe and becoming stuck in the simulation.

6. Now, consider what a ``Light Mirror`` scenario would be for this story. That is, what benefit can come out of the  technology featured in the story and how can we work towards preventing the negative consequences of the future they envision?
Things like allowing people who cannot walk, walk again. Or allowing people who cannot travel for various reasons experience other cultures and places. It could also connect people physically who cannot do so in the real world. There needs to be limits and fail safes to allow people to leave and block things like pain.
